
# RESOURCES
---
## USER MANUAL
* [USER-MANUAL_MC-750_v1.0](USER-MANUAL_MC-750_v1.0.pdf)

# Q&A
---

* **How to adjust the length of the 80 meter coil as there's no markings on the telescoping whip?**

    In the 80m band, the frequency range is relatively broad, and due to the antenna's substantial telescopic design, different frequencies may necessitate varying antenna lengths. As a result, we do not currently provide a specific recommended adjustment length. We advise utilizing an antenna analyzer or a Vector Network Analyzer (VNA) to help fine-tune the lengths of the last two sections of the telescopic whip. This approach will aid in achieving optimal antenna performance across different frequency points.

* **Why i can't find 50MHz and 10MHz markings on the telescoping whip?**

    The 7MHz coil should be used for 7MHz and 10MHz. Frequencies above 14MHz do not require the use of the coil. For more detailed information, please refer to the user manual.

* **Can you please tell me what the collapsed length of the telescoping whip is for your antenna model MC-750?**

    The extended length of the whip is 5.2m and the collapsed length around 53cm.

* **Can the spike on the MC-705 be swapped out for another mount, like a tripod or clamp?**

    Yes – The spike and the base(transformer) uses M10 and can be separated.

    We have also sourced an adaptor to support the antenna. You can find it [here](https://chelegance.com/product/tripod-for-mc-750-and-jpc-12/)

* **What kind of threads are used to connect the antenna to the base?**

    The base and the black extension tube uses M12, while the other parts uses M10.

    The reason there’s a difference in the design was to prevent users from putting the 7MHz coil directly into the base by mistake, instead of putting it on top of the extension tube.
